Doc rules description (#87)
mgechev/revive: RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-naming

_Description_: By convention, for the sake of readability, variables holding errors must be named with the prefix `err`. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-return

_Description_: By convention, for the sake of readability, when a function returns a value of type `error`, the value must be the last one of the list of return values. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-strings

_Description_: By convention, for better readability, error strings should not be capitalized or end with punctuation or a newline. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#error-strings)

_Configuration_: N/A

## errorf

_Description_: It is possible get simpler code by replacing `errors.New(fmt.Sprintf())` with `fmt.Errorf()`. This rule spots that kind of simplification opportunities.

_Configuration_: N/A

## exported

> 

Author: I agree. It is a `golint` rule, I do not known what was the pattern you followed to name `golint` rules

  - [indent-error-flow](#indent-error-flow)
  - [imports-blacklist](#imports-blacklist)
  - [line-lenght-limit](#line-lenght-limit)
  - [max-public-structs](#max-public-structs)
  - [modifies-parameter](#modifies-parameter)
  - [modifies-value-receiver](#modifies-value-receiver)
  - [package-comments](#package-comments)
  - [range](#range)
  - [range-val-in-closure](#range-val-in-closure)
  - [receiver-naming](#receiver-naming)
  - [redefines-builtin-id](#redefines-builtin-id)
  - [struct-tag](#struct-tag)
  - [superfluous-else](#superfluous-else)
  - [time-naming](#time-naming)
  - [var-naming](#var-naming)
  - [var-declaration](#var-declaration)
  - [unexported-return](#unexported-return)
  - [unnecessary-stmt](#unnecessary-stmt)
  - [unreachable-code](#unreachable-code)
  - [unused-parameter](#unused-parameter)
  - [waitgroup-by-value](#waitgroup-by-value)

## add-constant

_Description_: Suggests using constant for [magic numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_number_(programming)#Unnamed_numerical_constants) and string literals.

_Configuration_:

* `maxLitCount` : (string) maximum number of instances of a string literal that are tolerated before warn.

> * `allowStr`: (string) comma separated list of allowed string literals

Reviewer: `comma separated` -> `comma-separated`

* `allowInts`: (string) comma separated list of allowed integers
* `allowFloats`: (string) comma separated list of allowed floats

Example:

```toml
[rule.add-constant]
  arguments = [{maxLitCount = "3",allowStrs ="\"\"",allowInts="0,1,2",allowFloats="0.0,0.,1.0,1.,2.0,2."}]
```

## argument-limit

_Description_: Warns when a function receives more parameters than the maximum set by the rule's configuration.

> Enforcing a maximum number of parameters helps keeping code readable and maintainable.

Reviewer: `helps keeping` -> `helps to keep the code`

_Configuration_: (int) the maximum number of parameters allowed per function.

Example:

```toml
[argument-limit]
  arguments =[4]
```

## atomic

> _Description_: Check for common mistaken usages of the `sync/atomic` package

Reviewer: `common` -> `commonly`

_Configuration_: N/A

## blank-imports

_Description_: Blank import should be only in a main or test package, or have a comment justifying it; this rule warns if that is not the case.

_Configuration_: N/A

## bool-literal-in-expr

_Description_: Using Boolean literals (`true`, `false`) in logic expressions may make the code less readable. This rule
suggests removing Boolean literals from logic expressions.

> The rule will also try to spot logical expressions that evaluate always to the same value.

Reviewer: `evaluate always` -> `always evaluate`

_Configuration_: N/A

## confusing-naming

_Description_: Methods or fields of `struct`s that have similar names may be misleading.
Warns on methods and fields with names that differ only by capitalization.

_Configuration_: N/A

## confusing-results

> _Description_: Function or methods that return multiple, no named, values of the same type may induce to error. This rule warns on those cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: Function or methods that return multiple, no named, values of the same type may induce error. This rule warns on those cases.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## constant-logical-expr

_Description_: Using Boolean literals (`true`, `false`) in logic expressions may make the code less readable. This rule
suggests removing Boolean literals from logic expressions.

> The rule will also try to spot logical expressions that evaluate always to the same value.

Reviewer: `evaluate always` -> `always evaluate`

_Configuration_: N/A

## context-as-argument

_Description_: Is a language [convention](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#contexts) that `context.Context` should be the first parameter of a function. This rule spots function declarations that do not follow the convention.

_Configuration_: N/A

## context-keys-type

> _Description_: Basic types should not be used as key in `context.WithValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: Basic types should not be used as a key in `context.WithValue`.
```

This rule warns when that is the case.

_Configuration_: N/A

## cyclomatic

_Description_: [Cyclomatic complexity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclomatic_complexity) is a measure of code complexity.

> Enforcing a maximum complexity per function helps keeping code readable and maintainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enforcing a maximum complexity per function helps to keep code readable and maintainable.
```

_Configuration_: (int) the maximum function complexity

Example:
```toml
[cyclomatic]
  arguments =[3]
```

## deep-exit

_Description_: Packages exposing functions that can stop program execution by exiting are hard to reuse. This rule looks for program exits in functions other than `main()` or `init()`.

_Configuration_: N/A

## dot-imports
 

>  _Description_: Importing with `.` makes the programs much harder to understand because it is unclear where names belongs to the current package or to an imported package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 _Description_: Importing with `.` makes the programs much harder to understand because it is unclear where names belong to the current package or to an imported package.
```

 This rule warns when using imports `.`

 More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#import-dot)

_Configuration_: N/A

## empty-block

> _Description_: Empty blocks make code less readable and may be the symptom of a bug (unfinished refactoring?). This rule spots empty blocks in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: Empty blocks make code less readable and may be a symptom of a bug or unfinished refactoring. This rule spots empty blocks in the code.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## empty-lines

> _Description_: Sometimes `gofmt` is not enough to enforce a common formating of a code-base, this rule warns when there are heading or trailing newlines in code blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: Sometimes `gofmt` is not enough to enforce a common formatting of a code-base, this rule warns when there are heading or trailing newlines in code blocks.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-naming

_Description_: By convention, for the sake of readability, variables holding errors must be named with the prefix `err`. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-return

> _Description_: By convention, for the sake of readability, when a function returns a value of type `error`, the value must be the last one of the list of return values. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

Reviewer: Maybe we can refactor this a bit?

> By convention, for the sake of readability, the errors should be last in the list of returned values by a function.

Or something like this. There's duplication of the word "value" otherwise.

_Configuration_: N/A

## error-strings

> _Description_: By convention, for better readability, error strings should not be capitalized or end with punctuation or a newline. This rule warns when this convention is not followed.

Reviewer: Error messages maybe?

More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#error-strings)

_Configuration_: N/A

## errorf

> _Description_: It is possible get simpler code by replacing `errors.New(fmt.Sprintf())` with `fmt.Errorf()`. This rule spots that kind of simplification opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: It is possible to get a simpler program by replacing `errors.New(fmt.Sprintf())` with `fmt.Errorf()`. This rule spots that kind of simplification opportunities.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## exported

_Description_: Exported function and methods should have comments. 
This warns on undocumented exported functions and methods.

More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#doc-comments)

_Configuration_: N/A

## file-header

> _Description_: This rule helps enforcing a common header for all source files in a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: This rule helps to enforce a common header for all source files in a project
```

by spotting those files that do not have the specified header.

_Configuration_: (string) the header to look for in source files.

Example:
```toml
[file-header]
  arguments =["This is the text that must appear at the top of source files."]
```

## flag-parameter

_Description_: If a function controls the flow of another by passing it information on what to do, both functions are said to be [control-coupled](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coupling_(computer_programming)#Procedural_programming).

> Coupling among functions must be minimized for a better maintainability of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coupling among functions must be minimized for better maintainability of the code.
```

This rule warns on boolean parameters that create a control coupling.

_Configuration_: N/A

## function-result-limit

_Description_: Functions returning too many results can be hard to understand/use.

> This rule warns on functions returning more than a, configured, maximum number of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule warns on functions returning more than a configured, maximum number of values.
```

_Configuration_: (int) the maximum allowed return values

Example:
```toml
[function-result-limit]
  arguments =[3]
```

## get-return
_Description_: Typically, functions with names prefixed with _Get_ are supposed to return a value.

> This rule warns on functions named _Get_* that do not return any value.

Reviewer: Probably we can drop this.
```suggestion
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## if-return

_Description_: Checking if an error is _nil_ to just after return the error or nil is redundant; this rule warns on those cases.

_Configuration_: N/A

## increment-decrement

_Description_: By convention, for better readability, incrementing an integer variable by 1 is recommended to be done using the `++` operator. 
This rule spots expressions  like `i += 1` and `i -= 1` and proposes to change them into `i++` and `i--`.

_Configuration_: N/A

## indent-error-flow

> _Description_: To improve the readability of code, it is recommended to reduce the indentation as minimal as possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: To improve the readability of code, it is recommended to reduce the indentation as much as possible. 
```

This rule highlights redundant _else-blocks_ that can be eliminated from the code.

More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#indent-error-flow)

_Configuration_: N/A

## imports-blacklist

> _Description_: This rule allows to warn when importing packages that are black-listed by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: This rule warns when importing black-listed packages.
```

_Configuration_: black-list of package names

Example:
```toml
[imports-blacklist]
  arguments =["crypto/md5", "crypto/sha1"]
```

## line-lenght-limit

> _Description_: Sometimes `gofmt` is not enough to enforce a common formating of a code-base, this rule warns in the presence of code lines longer than a configured maximum.

Reviewer: I think this is descriptive enough.
```suggestion
_Description_: This rule warns in the presence of code lines longer than a configured maximum.
```

_Configuration_: (int) maximum line length in characters.

Example:
```toml
[line-lenght-limit]
  arguments =[80]
```

## max-public-structs

_Description_: Packages declaring too many public structs can be hard to understand/use,

> and may be a symptom of bad design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and could be a symptom of bad design.
```

> This rule warns on files declaring more than a, configured, maximum number of public structs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule warns on files declaring more than a configured, maximum number of public structs.
```

_Configuration_: (int) the maximum allowed public structs

Example:
```toml
[max-public-structs]
  arguments =[3]
```

## modifies-parameter

_Description_: A function that modifies its parameters can be hard to understand.

> It can be also misleading because actual function arguments are a copy of those passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be misleading if the arguments are passed by value.
```

by the caller.
This rule warns when a function modifies one or more of its parameters.

_Configuration_: N/A

## modifies-value-receiver

> _Description_: A method that modifies its receiver value can be hard to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: A method that modifies its receiver value can have undesired behavior.
```

The modification can be also the root of a bug because the actual value receiver may be a copy of that used at the calling site.
This rule warns when a method modifies its receiver.

_Configuration_: N/A

## package-comments

_Description_: Packages should have comments. This rule warns on undocumented 
packages and when packages comments are detached to the `package` keyword.

More information [here](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#package-comments)

_Configuration_: N/A

## range    

> _Description_: This rule suggest a shorter way of writing ranges that do not use the second value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: This rule suggests a shorter way of writing ranges that do not use the second value.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## range-val-in-closure

> _Description_: Iteration variables in ranges (for-range) statements are reused at each iteration, therefore each closure created in the loop will reference the exact same variable then they will get variable's value at the time goroutines start executing.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this? This one is hard to explain.
```suggestion
_Description_: Range variables in a loop are reused at each iteration; therefore a goroutine created in a loop will point to the range variable with from the upper scope. This way, the goroutine may use the variable with an undesired value.
```

This rule warns when a range value (or index) is used inside a closure

_Configuration_: N/A

## receiver-naming

> _Description_: By convention, receiver names in method should reflect their identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: By convention, receiver names in a method should reflect their identity.
```

> For example if the receiver is of type `Parts`, `p` is an adequate name fot it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the receiver is of type `Parts`, `p` is an adequate name for it.
```

Contrary to other languages, it is not idiomatic to name receivers as `this` or `self`.

> This rule warns when a receiver has a name not in line with this convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule warns when a receiver has a name, not in line with this convention.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## redefines-builtin-id

_Description_: Constant names like `false`, `true`, `nil`, function names like

> `append`, `make`, and basic type names like `bool`, and `byte` are not reserved 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`append`, `make`, and basic type names like `bool`, and `byte` are not reserved words of the 
```

> words of the language, therefore the can be redefined. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language; therefore the can be redefined. 
```

Even if possible, redefining these built in names can lead to bugs very difficult to detect.
This rule, warns when a built-in identifier is redefined.

_Configuration_: N/A

## struct-tag

_Description_: Struct tags are not checked at compile time.
This rule, checks and warns if it founds errors in common struct tags types like: asn1, default, json, protobuf, xml, yaml.

_Configuration_: N/A

## superfluous-else

_Description_: To improve the readability of code, it is recommended to reduce the indentation as minimal as possible. 
This rule highlights redundant _else-blocks_ that can be eliminated from the code.

_Configuration_: N/A

## time-naming

_Description_: Using unit-specific suffix like "Secs", "Mins", ... when naming variables of type `time.Duration` can be misleading, this rule highlights those cases.

_Configuration_: N/A

## var-naming

_Description_: This rule warns when [variable](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#variable-names) or [package](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#package-names) naming conventions are not followed.

> _Configuration_: This rule accepts two slices of strings, a whitelist and a blacklist of initialisms. By default the rule behaves exactly as the alternative in `golint` but optionally, you can relax it (see [golint/lint/issues/89](https://github.com/golang/lint/issues/89))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Configuration_: This rule accepts two slices of strings, a whitelist and a blacklist of initialisms. By default, the rule behaves exactly as the alternative in `golint` but optionally, you can relax it (see [golint/lint/issues/89](https://github.com/golang/lint/issues/89))
```

Example:
```toml
[rule.var-naming]
  arguments = [["ID"], ["VM"]]
```

## var-declaration

_Description_: This rule proposes simplifications of variable declarations.

_Configuration_: N/A

## unexported-return

_Description_: This rule warns when an exported function or method returns a value of an un-exported type.

_Configuration_: N/A

## unnecessary-stmt

> _Description_: To improve the readability of code, this rule suggest to remove redundant statements like a `break` at the end of a case block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description_: To improve the readability of code, this rule suggests to remove redundant statements like a `break` at the end of a case block.
```

_Configuration_: N/A

## unreachable-code

> _Description_: This rule spots and propose to remove [unreachable code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unreachable_code).

Reviewer: propose -> proposes

_Configuration_: N/A

## unused-parameter

_Description_: Functions or methods with unused parameters can be a symptom of an unfinished refactoring or a bug.

> This rule warns on unused parameters.

Reviewer: I'd say start with this sentence.
